Accent rules work in the following way:
The language class has a field called 'accent', which specifies the kind of accent. This is an object with a key 'type'.
If accent type is '', then the language has no accent. An example is Japanese.
If accent type is 'stress', then the language has stress.
  An accent object of type 'stress' has a 'maxOrder' property. This is an integer value greater than 0.
    If maxOrder is 1, then the language only has a primary stress.
    If maxOrder is 2, then the language has primary stress and secondary stress.
    Etc.
  The stress rules of a stress language can be classified as 'absolute', 'conditional', or 'arbitrary'.
  This classification of the language depends on its 'validity' condition object.
  If the following are true:
    1. The validity condition is of type 'and'.
    2. The validity condition contains a conjunct condition of type 'stressed'.
  Then the stress classification is 'absolute'.
  Else, if the following are true:
    1. The validity condition is of type 'and'.
    2. The validity condition contains a conjunct condition of type 'stress paradigm'.
    3. The final position of this 'stress paradigm' condition has default condition.
  Then the stress classification is 'conditional'.
  Else, the stress classification is 'arbitrary'.
  Example language of each stress classification are the following:
    * Germanic languages: absolute stress of value 0.
    * French: absolute stress of value -1.
    * Typical Romance languages: absolute stress of value -2.
    * Old Chinese: absolute stress of value -1.
    * Latin: conditional stress
    * Arabic: conditional stress
    * Greek: arbitrary stress
  The above handles stress accents. Pitch accents would require additional functionality that can be implemented later.
  Examples of pitch accent languages that would require this additional functionality:
    * Ancient Greek
    * Proto-Indo-European
    * Mandarin
If accent type is 'pitch', then the language has a pitch accent.
  An accent object of type 'pitch' has an 'inventory' property. This is a collection of lists of integers. (One of these lists may be empty.)
    Each integer is either -2, -1, 0, 1, or 2.
    Each integer refers to a pitch level defined by the Unicode pitch characters.
